---
layout: post
title:  "One up Againt the Modern Trends Series: 3. teaching technology to my mom and grandmother verbally"
date:   2021-05-08 14:02:25 +0900
categories: development 
---

## Verbal methods

Before delving into complex approaches, I decided to start with simple methods to gather data and shape my future plans. My objective was to determine the most effective teaching methodology for technology, using the challenges faced by my mother and grandmother as data points.

I began by verbally teaching my mother and grandmother how to use technology. This straightforward approach involved sitting next to them and providing instructions on using digital technologies.

To assess the effectiveness of verbal teaching, I selected Gmail as the platform to teach them. I guided both my mother and grandmother on how to send and receive Gmail messages.

---

## Process

During the teaching process, I informed my mother and grandmother that I would be teaching them how to send and receive emails. Firstly, I directed their attention to the email app's location on their phones. Then, I explained the components of composing an email, including the send button, trash can, and other relevant features.

For receiving emails, I emphasized the presence of a title for each message. Clicking on a title would display the content and the sender's information.

Regarding sending emails, I highlighted the presence of a send button. Clicking on it would allow them to input the recipient's information, compose the email's content, and attach files if needed.

Throughout the teaching process, I demonstrated each step verbally, using hand gestures to ensure my mother and grandmother understood how to send and receive emails.

---

## Results

My mother found the verbal teaching method effective, describing it as engaging and easy to understand. Having someone demonstrate examples and address her questions contributed to her positive experience.

However, my grandmother expressed that the verbal teaching method did not suit her well, primarily due to her hearing disabilities. Despite using a hearing aid, she faced difficulties in clearly hearing and understanding my instructions. This realization highlighted the necessity of finding an alternative method to support my grandmother in navigating the digital age.

In conclusion, the verbal teaching method proved effective for most individuals, as demonstrated by my mother's positive feedback. Many people learn well through auditory methods, and the direct contact teaching approach enhanced their engagement with technology.

However, for my grandmother, the verbal method of teaching did not work well due to her hearing limitations. Consequently, I need to consider a more convenient approach for my grandmother, one that doesn't solely rely on my verbal instruction. Additionally, I must explore visual teaching methods for my grandmother, as they are likely to be more effective for her compared to auditory methods.
