---
layout: post
title:  "One up Againt the Modern Trends Series: 6. Combination of audio and visuals"
date:   2021-06-10 15:02:30 +0900
categories: development 
---

## Video method

Now that I've taught my mother and grandmother various aspects of technology they were struggling with, it's time to tackle a more challenging topic: internet browsing. While accessing the internet may not be too difficult, using it can be tricky for some, especially those unfamiliar with its advantages over books. So, this time, I attempted to create a video with visual aids that combines manual and auditory methods to aid their understanding of internet browsing. This approach offers the added advantage of convenience compared to the verbal method.

## Process

Unlike my original method, I decided to incorporate the advantages of internet browsing in this video. To assist my explanation, I created a PowerPoint presentation. You can watch the video by following this link:

[video link]

To provide a brief overview, since the video is in Korean, and I explained that internet browsing offers the advantage of accessing vast information quickly. I emphasized that it is faster and more convenient than searching for information in books. Additionally, I demonstrated the process of internet browsing. First, I instructed them to open their internet browser, typically Chrome, and then type their search query in the search bar. After that, I guided them to click on a website that seems relevant based on the short description or title.

---

## Result

Overall, both my mother and grandmother agreed that this was the most effective learning method so far.

My mother found it easier to understand compared to the auditory method because the visual aids in the PowerPoint helped her know where to click and what actions to take. She also appreciated the audio features, making it more engaging than the manual method.

Similarly, my grandmother shared a similar opinion, stating that the visual aids made it easier for her to understand, and the option to rewind the video multiple times when needed reduced the pressure if she couldn't hear something properly.

However, when I asked for suggestions on how to improve the method, they had different perspectives. My mother suggested incorporating more interactive elements to make the learning experience even more engaging, as plain videos can be somewhat boring and disengaging. On the other hand, my grandmother expressed the desire for subtitles, which would enable her to understand the content better without relying solely on sound. I realized that she always reads subtitles when watching movies on television.

In conclusion, while this video method proved to be the most convenient and effective among all the methods I've tried so far, there is still room for improvement. Enhancing the engagement factor and adding subtitles would be valuable enhancements to cater to both my mother's and grandmother's preferences.
