---
layout: post
title:  "One up Againt the Modern Trends Series: 5. Heading a way to convenience with audio"
date:   2021-05-28 14:02:25 +0900
categories: development 
---

## Auditory methods

This time, I decided to create a recording of myself teaching my mother and grandmother how to set up a password on their smartphones. I thought an auditory method would be more convenient since I could simply provide them with a recording. Moreover, this method could be beneficial for my grandmother, as she could adjust the volume and listen to it multiple times.

## Process

I created a voice recording explaining how to set up a smartphone password. Here is the recording link:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8g5vO19IdEA

To give you a brief overview, I instructed them to open their phones and access the settings. Then, I guided them to scroll down and locate the password setting. Next, I explained how to activate the password setting and enter their desired password. I also mentioned that they could use this password to unlock their phones in the future.

---

## Result

Overall, both my mother and grandmother found this method more effective than the previous manual approach. They expressed that auditory methods were more engaging and interesting.

However, they mentioned that at times, they struggled to find the exact buttons to press without any visual examples. My mother preferred the verbal method I used initially. She needed images and examples to guide her in locating each button accurately. Although she managed to set up a password, she faced some difficulties in finding certain buttons.

On the other hand, my grandmother shared that while it was still slightly challenging for her to hear every word clearly, it was better than the verbal method because she could adjust the volume to her comfort level. If she missed any part, she could easily go back and listen again. She mentioned that it was stressful and burdensome to ask someone to repeat themselves because she couldn't hear properly. Thus, the recording was a much better option for her, as she didn't have to feel pressured to ask for repetitions.

In conclusion, I learned that the auditory method was effective, but it still required additional visual examples to enhance understanding. Therefore, I need to devise new methods that incorporate convenience, auditory features, and visual aids.
