---
layout: post
title:  "Problem Solving"
date:   2023-07-01 14:02:25 +0900
categories: development 
---


## Brainstorming

As there are many people who are incapable of using modern technologies, such as the elderly population, maybe we need to teach them how to use them easily.

--- 
1. Make an a.i that can answer the problems related to technology (Hard)
Combine the common hardship technical issues and make a brief, simple manual (Medium)

2. Similar to the problem above, many people don’t know the disease or solution for their symptoms. We can make a manual or an a.i (Very hard)

3. We can connect the electronic devices and the phone to let the user know what is not turned off in the house. This can include the restroom water or the gas fire. (Not simple)
4. In a similar line with the girlfriend a.i, we can make an a.i for grandchildren, husband, or wife for the lonely elderly population (Needs improvement in perspective, might have side effects)
5. There are often times when chatgpt gives invalid sources and when citation website gives incomplete or inaccurate citations. We can make a website that can give accurate citations and check for the validity of the sources. (Maybe not possible)

--- 
I decided to go for problem number 1 as other problems were already half solved or too hard for me to give a solution.

---

## Problem:

Modern technology, such as kiosks and chatgpt, is evolving at a speed that we cannot imagine. Although there are people who are capable of adapting to this technology trend, there are people who are not able to follow up the technological advancements. This fast speed of technology development is causing an increase in the proportion of people with digital illiteracy. Although people might think that we can still live as always without knowing how to use these technologies, modern technology's coexistence seems inevitable, seeing how fast kiosks were implemented in South Korea. Digital illiteracy is not a problem only confined to the elderly population; it can also affect the young generation.

## Motivation: 

In this era where digital illiteracy is increasing, no app or website tells us the answer to a technical problem or a manual to a technology. Some might argue that there is, but all those require complicated steps such as login, search, and account making. These sophisticated steps hinder people from assessing to this information

## Goal: 

I want to make an app or website that doesn’t require making an account or logging in, which can actually tell the solutions to the common technical problems of people.

## Limitations: 

Since accessibility and easiness are prioritized, information and solutions are lacking. This website or app wouldn’t be helpful for people to find a solution for minor, complicated problems

## Interface (Brief)

Go in (App or website) →

On the screen, several topics are categorized in the form of a box (Ex. Kiosk, when the computer doesn’t work, printing, downloading an app, how to use kakaotalk, how to call for delivery service, etc.) →

There is a brief explanation of the problem.

Ex. Kiosk: 
1. press the dark screen (Next) 
2. Pick what you want (On top of the screen, there are food categories!) (Go back) (Next)
3. Press the food you want (Go back) (Next)
4. If you picked all the food you want, press “pay” (Example photo) (Go back) (Next)
5. Choose between cash pay or card pay (Example photo) (Go back) (Next) 
6. Wait until the food is cooked. Finish! (Go back)

Side note: There are example photos, and the words have big font



